=pod

=for test_synopsis 1;
__END__

=for stopwords NIGELM Tweakables catagits catsvn changelog dbsrgits gitmo sagit p5sagit svn RT dist inc

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::NIGELM - Build your distributions like I do

=head1 VERSION

version 0.26

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

  [@NIGELM]
  dist = Distribution-Name
  repository_at = github

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the L<Dist::Zilla> configuration I use to build my distributions. It
was originally based on the @FLORA bundle but additionally pulls in ideas from
@MARCEL bundle.

It is roughly equivalent to:

    [Git::NextVersion]
        first_version  = 0.01,
        version_regexp = release/(\d+.\d+)
    [Git::Check]
    [Git::CheckFor::CorrectBranch]
        release_branch = master
    # [Git::CheckFor::Fixups]
    [Git::CheckFor::MergeConflicts]
    [GatherDir]
    [Test::Compile]
    [Test::Perl::Critic]
    [MetaTests]
    [PodCoverageTests]
    [PodSyntaxTests]
    [Test::PodSpelling]
    [Test::Kwalitee]
    [Test::Portability]
    [Test::Synopsis]
    [Test::MinimumVersion]
    [HasVersionTests]
    [Test::DistManifest]
    [Test::UnusedVars]
    [Test::NoTabs]
    [Test::EOL]
    [InlineFiles]
    ## [ReportVersions]
    [PruneCruft]
    [PruneFiles]
        filenames = dist.ini
    [ManifestSkip]
    [AutoPrereqs]
    [MetaConfig]
    [MetaProvides::Class]
    [MetaProvides::Package]
    [MetaResources]
    [Authority]
        authority   = cpan:NIGELM
        do_metadata = 1
        locate_comment = 1
    [ExtraTests]
    [NextRelease]
    [OurPkgVersion]
    [PodWeaver]
        config_plugin = @MARCEL
    [License]
    [MakeMaker]
    [MetaYAML]
    [MetaJSON]
    [ReadmeAnyFromPod]
        type = pod
        filename = README.pod
        location = root
    [InstallGuide]
    [Manifest]
    [Git::Commit]
    [Git::Tag]
    [Git::CommitBuild]
        branch =
        release_branch = cpan
    [Git::Push]
    [CheckChangeLog]
    [UploadToCPAN] or [FakeRelease]

=head2 Required Parameters

=head3 dist

The distribution name, as given in the main Dist::Zilla configuration section
(the C<name> parameter). Unfortunately this cannot be extracted from the main
config.

=head2 Tweakables - Major Configuration

=head3 build_process

Overrides build process system - basically this causes the standard Module
Build generation to be suppressed and replaced by a call to a module in the
local inc directory specified by this parameter instead.

=head3 no_cpan

If C<no_cpan> or the environment variable C<NO_CPAN> is set, then the upload to
CPAN is suppressed. This basically swaps L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::FakeRelease> in
place of L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::UploadToCPAN>

=head2 Tweakables

=head3 authority

The authority for this distribution - defaults to C<cpan:NIGELM>

=head3 auto_prereqs

Determine Prerequisites automatically - defaults to1 (set).

=head3 skip_prereqs

Prerequisites to skip if C<auto_prereqs> is set -- a string of module names.

=head3 is_task

Is this a Task rather than a Module. Determines whether
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::TaskWeaver> or L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodWeaver> are
used. Defaults to 1 if the dist name starts with C<Task>, 0 otherwise.

=head3 weaver_config_plugin

This option is passed to the C<config_plugin> option of
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodWeaver>. It defaults to C<@MARCEL>, which loads in
L<Pod::Weaver::PluginBundle::MARCEL>.

=head2 Bug Tracker Information

=head3 bugtracker_url

The URL of the bug tracker. Defaults to the CPAN RT queue for the distribution
name.

=head3 bugtracker_email

The email address of the bug tracker. Defaults to the CPAN RT email for the
distribution name.

=head2 Tweaks - Modifying Tests Generated

=head3 disable_pod_coverage_tests

If set, disables the Pod Coverage Release Tests
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodCoverageTests>. Defaults to unset (tests enabled).

=head3 disable_pod_spelling_tests

If set, disables the Pod Spelling Release Tests
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::PodSpelling>. Defaults to unset (tests enabled).

=head3 disable_trailing_whitespace_tests

If set, disables the Trailing Whitespace Release Tests
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::EOL>. Defaults to unset (tests enabled).

=head3 disable_unused_vars_tests

If set, disables the Unused Variables Release Tests
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::UnusedVars>. Defaults to unset (tests enabled).

=head3 disable_no_tabs_tests

If set, disables the Release Test that checks for hard tabs
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::NoTabs>. Defaults to unset (tests enabled).

=head3 fake_home

If set, this sets the C<fake_home> option to.
L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::Compile>. Defaults to unset.

=head2 Repository, Source Control and Similar

=head3 homepage_url

The module homepage URL. Defaults to the URL of the module page on
C<metacpan.org>. In previous versions this defaulted to the page on
C<search.cpan.org>.

=head3 repository_at

Sets all of the following repository options based on a standard repository
type. This is one of:-

=over 4

=item * B<github> - a github repository, with a lower cased module name.

=item * B<GitHub> - a github repository, with an unmodified module name.

=item * B<gitmo> - a git repository on C<git.moose.perl.org>

=item * B<catsvn> - a svn repository on C<dev.catalyst.perl.org>

=item * B<catagits> - a git repository on C<git.shadowcat.co.uk> in the Catalyst section

=item * B<p5sagit> - a git repository on C<git.shadowcat.co.uk> in the P5s section

=item * B<dbsrgits> - a git repository on C<git.shadowcat.co.uk> in the DBIx::Class section

=back

=head3 repository

The repository URL.  Normally set from L<repository_at>.

=head3 repository_web

The repository web view URL.  Normally set from L<repository_at>.

=head3 repository_type

The repository type - either C<svn> or C<git>.  Normally set from
L<repository_at>.

=head3 github_user

The username on github. Defaults to C<nigelm> which is unlikely to be useful
for anyone else. Sorry!

=head3 tag_format / tag_message / version_regexp / git_autoversion

Overrides the L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Git> bundle defaults for these. By default
I use an unusual tag format of C<release/%v> for historical reasons. If
git_autoversion is true (the default) then the version number is taken from
git.

=head3 git_allow_dirty

A list of files that are allowed to be dirty by the Git plugins. Defaults to
C<dist.ini>, the Change log file, C<README> and C<README.pod>.

=head3 git_release_branch

The correct git release branch for this distribution.  Defaults to master.  If
a release is attempted from another branch the release will fail.

=head3 changelog

The Change Log file name.  Defaults to C<Changes>.

=head3 prune_directories

Directories to ignore - currently defaults to C<local> and C<vendor> (the
directories used by carton to store required modules).

=head1 BUGS

It appears this module, in particular the C<ReadmeAnyFromPod> plugin, exposes a
bug with text wrapping in L<Pod::Simple::Text> which can cause modules with
long words (especially long names) to die during packaging.

1;

=head1 INSTALLATION

See perlmodinstall for information and options on installing Perl modules.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

You can make new bug reports, and view existing ones, through the
web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-NIGELM>.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The project homepage is L<https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla-PluginBundle-NIGELM>.

The latest version of this module is available from the Comprehensive Perl
Archive Network (CPAN). Visit L<http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN
site near you, or see L<https://metacpan.org/module/Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::NIGELM/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Nigel Metheringham <nigelm@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2016 by Nigel Metheringham.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
